procs: add page (#6274)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/procs.md

# procs

> > Displays information about the active processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Display information about the active processes.
```

Doesn't need to be plural

> > It can be a used as ps or top alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Needless

Reviewer 2: Not directly needless, but also not really important.

> More information: <https://github.com/dalance/procs>.

> - List all processes with PID, user, CPU usage, memory usage and the command which started them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List all processes showing the: PID, user, CPU usage, memory usage and, the command which started them:
```

Reviewer 2: I don't agree with the `:` and the comma should go before the `and`:
```suggestion
- List all processes showing the PID, user, CPU usage, memory usage, and the command which started them:
```

> - Show information like pid, user, cpu usage, memory usage, command which started them about all the processes:

Reviewer 2: I think this is a little easier to read:
```suggestion
- List all processes with PID, user, CPU usage, memory usage and the command which started them:
```

`procs`

- Show information about process with command or user containg `zsh`:

`procs {{zsh}}`

> - Show information about all processes sorted by CPU time in [d]escending or [a]scending order:

Reviewer: What is CPU time, if that is time since it started the process then change it to 

```suggestion
- Show information about all processes sorted by running time in an [a]scending or [d]escending order:
```

Reviewer: Also the orders of a and d should be switched.

Reviewer 2: CPU time is correct. I don't know what it is exactly, but it's definitively a widely used term.
I agree with swapping ascending and descending, but nothing else:
```suggestion
- Show information about all processes sorted by CPU time in [a]scending or [d]escending order:
```

> `procs --sort{{d}}|--sort{{a}} cpu`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`procs --sort{{a|d}} cpu`
```

Reviewer 2: That syntax was originally my suggestion. Both versions are weird, but when comparing the output I definitively prefer the way it's now:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50295997/127815952-a5e616cc-8156-4fbc-8781-63f79d674b1b.png)

Reviewer 3: The `a` and `d` are part of the argument name, so I think the correct is:
```suggestion
`procs {{--sortd|--sorta}} cpu`
```

> - Show information about processes with PID `41` or (command or user) containing (`zsh` `or` `firefox`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show information about processes with either a PID, command or, user containing (`zsh` `or` `firefox`):
```

Reviewer 2: The comma should go before the `or`.

Reviewer: :scream: whoops

Reviewer 3: Why the second `or` has back ticks?

Reviewer 2: Good question. I don't think we need them here.

> - Show information about processes with pid `41` or (command or user) containing (`zsh` `or` `firefox`):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show information about processes with PID `41` or (command or user) containing (`zsh` `or` `firefox`):
```

> `procs --or {{zsh}} {{41}} {{firefox}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`procs --or {{zsh}} {{PID|command|user}} {{firefox}}`
```

Reviewer 2: Not a bad idea, but I'd put it at the end and maybe keep the PID example:
```suggestion
`procs --or {{PID|command|user}} {{41}} {{firefox}}`
```

> - Show information about processes with PID `41` and (command or user) containing `zsh`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show information about processes with either a PID, command or, user containing `zsh`:
```

Reviewer 2: `either` can only be used with `or` and we have `and` here, so it should be `both`. Also, we can't use the Oxford comma here, since it's not part of the enumeration.
```suggestion
- Show information about processes with both PID `41` and a command or user containing `zsh`:
```

> - Show information about processes with pid `41` and (command or user) containing `zsh`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show information about processes with PID `41` and (command or user) containing `zsh`:
```

# procs

> > procs displays information about the active processes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Displays information about the active processes.
```
This is what we typically use

> > It can be a used as ps or top alternative
> > More information: <https://github.com/dalance/procs>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> It can be a used as ps or top alternative.
> More information: <https://github.com/dalance/procs>.
```

> - Show information about all the processes:

Reviewer 2: Could you maybe elaborate a little more what it shows?

`procs`

> - Show information about process with command or user containg `zsh`:

Reviewer 2: I'd rephrase this a little
```suggestion
- Show information about processes containing `zsh` and the commands which started them:
```

Author: How about:
Show information about processes, if the commands which started them contain `zsh` :

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if `if` is the right word here. Let's wait for some other opinions

Reviewer 2: Actually, why not?
```suggestion
- Show information about processes, if the commands which started them contain `zsh`:
```

`procs {{zsh}}`

> - Show information about all processes sorted in [d]escending order by `cpu` time:
> 
> `procs --sortd cpu`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show information about all processes sorted by CPU time in [d]escending or [a]scending order:

`procs --sort{{d}}|--sort{{a}} cpu`
```
I hope that's correct

- Show information about processes with pid `41` or (command or user) containing (`zsh` `or` `firefox`):

> `procs --or {{zsh}} {{41}} {{firefox}}`

Reviewer 2: I'm a little confused about this. So `--or` includes all three of them right?

Author: Yes.

- Show information about processes with pid `41` and (command or user) containing `zsh`:

> `procs --and {{41}} {{zsh}}`

Reviewer 2: How does the tool know that I don't want to search for a process containing "41"?

Author: Numeric values are matched to pid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`procs --and {{PID}} {{zsh}}`
```
